README.md, before:

# plotly_deployment

##

## Overview:
Roza has a partially completed dashboard that she needs to finish. She has a completed panel for demographic information and now needs to visualize the bacterial data for each volunteer. Specifically, her volunteers should be able to identify the top 10 bacterial species in their belly buttons. That way, if Improbable Beef identifies a species as a candidate to manufacture synthetic beef, Roza's volunteers will be able to identify whether that species is found in their navel. 

### Resources: 
  - Plotly, Javascript ES6, HTML, CSS 
  - D3.js Javascript library, (samples.json file supplied)
  - VSCode1.56
  
### Objective:

### Deliverable 1: Create a Horizontal Bar Chart
##### Image results for D1:
<img src="https://github.com/antxamp/plotly_deployment/blob/main/Resources/barchart.PNG" width="400" height="400">

### Deliverable 2: Create a Bubble Chart
##### Image results for D2:
![image](https://github.com/antxamp/plotly_deployment/blob/main/Resources/bubblechart.PNG)

### Deliverable 3: Create a Gauge Chart
##### Image results for D3:
<img src="https://github.com/antxamp/plotly_deployment/blob/main/Resources/gaugechart.PNG" width="400" height="400">

### Deliverable 4: Customize the Dashboard
  - Added image to jumbotron
  - Changed background color
  - Added information underneath each chart

Commit message:

README.md Updated with link to github pages

README.md, after:

# plotly_deployment

## [Click here to view my GitHub Pages for this challenge](https://antxamp.github.io/plotly_deployment/ "antxamp plotly_deployment GitHub Page")

## Overview:
Roza has a partially completed dashboard that she needs to finish. She has a completed panel for demographic information and now needs to visualize the bacterial data for each volunteer. Specifically, her volunteers should be able to identify the top 10 bacterial species in their belly buttons. That way, if Improbable Beef identifies a species as a candidate to manufacture synthetic beef, Roza's volunteers will be able to identify whether that species is found in their navel. 

### Resources: 
  - Plotly, Javascript ES6, HTML, CSS 
  - D3.js Javascript library, (samples.json file supplied)
  - VSCode1.56
  
### Objective:

### Deliverable 1: Create a Horizontal Bar Chart
##### Image results for D1:
<img src="https://github.com/antxamp/plotly_deployment/blob/main/Resources/barchart.PNG" width="400" height="400">

### Deliverable 2: Create a Bubble Chart
##### Image results for D2:
![image](https://github.com/antxamp/plotly_deployment/blob/main/Resources/bubblechart.PNG)

### Deliverable 3: Create a Gauge Chart
##### Image results for D3:
<img src="https://github.com/antxamp/plotly_deployment/blob/main/Resources/gaugechart.PNG" width="400" height="400">

### Deliverable 4: Customize the Dashboard
  - Added image to jumbotron
  - Changed background color
  - Added information underneath each chart
